all right now and now I have something
that might actually lift our spirits
this is a video I watched I don't know
about a dozen times I shared it in the
show last night what you're about to see
if you haven't already is a high school
drummer from Gilbert Arizona who really
gives a song his all
[Music]
so we got in touch with the kid he's 15
years old I invited him to sit in with
our band and he's here with us now
please say hello to Dallin Johnston
everybody
[Music]
it's a beaut it's a wonderful video are
you aware of the fact you're the only
good thing in America right now well I
think your show does pretty good too oh
well thank you down we're down on what
we thought would be fun is to have you
play with the band Oh first I'm going to
I'll tell you who's on the show tonight
we have music tonight from Lukas Nelson
promised the real Elizabeth Olsen is
here sitting in with the plea tones on
percussion
Dallin Johnston everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh